hello everyone and welcome back to day
three of twitch plays pokemon crystal
today we will be discussing the events
of the last 24 hours so let's dive right
in we join our hero in a critiques
exotic dance studio beating up the
Pokemon of some beautiful women in
kimonos the first three go down wink and
after the fourth grokken evolves into
feraligatr the fifth follow suit we
obtain HMO three surf as our prize from
an old creepy man for knocking out five
beautiful ladies evolutions what mine is
weird sometimes anyway democracy comes
up and we actually keep it around to
teach feraligatr surf after about an
hour we finally heal up and then head
for the burnt our once inside we catch a
radicand a BBB dddddd then we proceed to
challenge silver once again he's handily
defeated this time then we catches Zubat
to celebrate we meet the legendary beast
trio and then scurry off as you seen
engages us in conversations about them
next on our list is the equity city gym
democracy lets us bypass the tricky
floor and get to more tea however we are
no match and we white out back to square
one four hours pass and we eventually
make it past the harrowing floor his
ghastly and Haunter go down easy but his
gengar eats our entire team's dreams of
winning and we lose the next two hours
are spent grinding inside of mount
mortar another two hours pass and we
engage more tea in fisticuffs Feraligatr
surfs his whole team to death and we get
the fog badge we head to the left
through route 38 and 39 and make our way
to olivine city HMO for strength is
obtained in the cafe and then we decide
to do some sightseeing at the lighthouse
an hour passes and we reached the top
where we promised to help jasmine cure
the sick Ambrose after the lighthouse is
completed though the progress hits a
standstill as a calculated group
dedicated to releasing Fraleigh Gator
appears and try to get him into the pc
it takes us about an hour and 40 minutes
to heal after the lighthouse then we
surf in the city a bit to fight some
tentacles another hour after that and
feraligatr our only means of water
transport is deposited into the pc we
walk around town and olivine gym
for heading back to the center and to
face the PC once again we withdraw
Wooper and hoothoot while depositing
coughing and accidentally releasing our
drowsy a bit later and we redeposit hoot
hoot and withdraw our mighty feraligatr
the end of the day is spent watching AJ
continually dip his toes in and out of
the water determining whether or not he
should surf for an extended period of
time on it that's all I have for you
guys today so thank you for watching if
you liked it feel free to give it a
thumbs up also don't forget to hit the
favorite button or the share button let
other people know about these series of
videos you may also subscribe for a
daily update of twitch plays pokemon as
well in anticipation of other pokemon
related videos I will be putting out
later thank you all for listening and I
shall talk to all of you tomorrow